---
difficulty: Practitioner
solve_date: 2023-09-01
lab_url: https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/blind/lab-conditional-responses
---
### Description

This lab contains a [blind SQL injection](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/blind) vulnerability. The application uses a tracking cookie for analytics, and performs a SQL query containing the value of the submitted cookie.

The results of the SQL query are not returned, and no error messages are displayed. But the application includes a "Welcome back" message in the page if the query returns any rows.

The database contains a different table called `users`, with columns called `username` and `password`. You need to exploit the blind SQL injection vulnerability to find out the password of the `administrator` user.

To solve the lab, log in as the `administrator` user.

### Solution

1. Notice that the website uses a cookie called "TrackingId". If you enter a basic SQLi query to return a row (`' OR 1=1 -- '`), we can see that the page displays a "Welcome Back" message. 
2. First, let's find out the length of the admin password. This isn't necessary, but a good warmup to get familiar with the blind exploit. Set the TrackingId to `' OR LENGTH('a')=1 -- ` and submit a request. You should see the "Welcome Back" text on the page. 
3. Now, to test the actual admin password instead of a dummy string, use this SQLi payload: `' OR LENGTH((SELECT password FROM users WHERE username='administrator'))=1 -- `. This statement will return "true" if the admin password is 1 character long. Keep incrementing the number until you find the length of the string. 
	1. For me, the payload `' OR LENGTH((SELECT password FROM users WHERE username='administrator'))=20 -- ` worked, meaning the password is 20 chars long.
4. Now, we need to brute force all 20 chars of the password. For this to work, we craft a SQL statement like the following: `' OR SUBSTRING((SELECT password FROM users WHERE username='administrator'), 1, 1)='a' -- `. This tests whether the first character of the password is equal to `'a'`. We need to iterate through all possible combinations (lowercase letters, uppercase letters, numbers, symbols?) to find each individual character.
5. There are a lot of ways to do this, but I used Burp Intruder with a custom payload list that tested for every uppercase letter, lowercase letter, and number for each spot. Basically ran 20 different intruder sessions, one for each position in the password.
6. The password for me ended up being `ug265ty4j36ns94xt493`

### Notes

It would be more efficient to brute force the admin password using a binary search method, instead of a linear search through all letters of the alphabet. I just didn't have enough energy at the time to make that happen.

TODO: program that uses binary search to automatically solve problems like these
